Content: Short missions (#6178)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/transport missions.txt

mission "Courier 5"
	name "Yottrite samples to <planet>"
	deadline
	description "Deliver a few Yottrite samples to <destination> by <date>. Payment is <payment>."
	minor
	cargo "Yottrite samples" 10
	to offer
		random < 5
	source
		government "Quarg"
	destination
		distance 2 13
		government "Republic"
		attributes "rich"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A man waves at you from afar, trying to get your attention."`
			choice
				`	(Find out what he wants.)`
				`	(Ignore him.)`
					decline
			`	"My name is Jason ," he says. "I have gotten my hands on a few Yottrite samples, bought from a Quarg, we need you to send this to a research center."`
			choice
				`	"I'd be glad to."`
				`	"Sorry, I'm not interested in that sort of work."`
					decline
			`	"Excellent!" he says. "Come, let my men load it up onto your ship, a associate of mine will pick them up" He adds, "They are somewhat unstable, so be carefull with them or they could explode."`
				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete

> 		payment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log "Minor People" "Jason" `A wealthy individual who appears to be involved in researching Yottrite.`
		payment
```

	on complete
		payment 30000
		dialog "As you descend through the upper atmosphere, you inform your skydivers that it's time to jump. However, after being able to see the distances and atmospheric conditions involved, all of them are far less keen on the idea than when you first picked them up. You bring them down to the landing pad, and they pay you a meager <payment> before hopping off."

mission "Courier 5"
	name "Yottrite samples to <planet>"
	deadline
	description "Deliver a few Yottrite samples to <destination> by <date>. Payment is <payment>."
	minor
	cargo "Yottrite samples" 10
	to offer
		random < 5
	source
		government "Quarg"
	destination
		distance 2 13
		government "Republic"
		attributes "rich"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A man waves at you from afar, trying to get your attention."`
			choice
				`	(Find out what he wants.)`
				`	(Ignore him.)`
					decline

> 			`	"My name is Jason ," he says. "I've gotten my hands on a few Yottrite samples that I bought from a Quarg. We need you to send them to a research center."`

Reviewer 2: Can you add maybe a bit more detail here? Why is this guy looking for you specifically? Who's he with? What's the plan? Etc. As is, it feels a bit abrupt and random.

			choice
				`	"I'd be glad to."`
				`	"Sorry, I'm not interested in that sort of work."`
					decline

> 			`	"Excellent!" he says. "Come, let my men load it up onto your ship. An associate of mine will pick them up at <destination>." He adds, "They are somewhat unstable, so be careful with them or they could explode."`

Reviewer 3: Perhaps expand this mission by allowing the player to ask what the samples are for, and what yottrite is.

Reviewer 2: Indeed.

Author: ok i gonna work on it

				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		log "Minor People" "Jason" `A wealthy individual who appears to be involved in researching Yottrite.`
		payment
		payment 120000

> 		dialog `Somehow, you have managed to bring the samples without it exploding. When the associate arrives to pick it up, he pays you <payment>.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog `You have managed to transport the Yottrite samples without them exploding. When Jason's associate arrives to pick up the volatile cargo, he pays you <payment>.`
```
